It's here. Come inside.
(Episode 26)
There's no pillar in the middle of the room,
so you'll be able to use the space as freely as you please.
We can use this space as the bedroom,
and we can use that space as the research lab.
Are you going to get rid of everything here?
If you sign the contract, we'll get rid of everything right away.
There's something lacking about the x-axis.
More so when it comes to the y-axis.
But the price is...
- very agreeable. - Very agreeable.
What's wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Doctor Hong.
Be honest with me.
About what?
You were scared yesterday because you thought I'd really leave, right?
What... What are you talking about?
Yes.
I was scared.
I didn't expect that to happen, but my heart suddenly froze.
Why are you smiling like that?
- When did I smile? - You just...
smiled like this.
- Was it weird? - Very.
I wonder if Min Kyu's doing well.
Leave him to Ji A.
The person who knows him best...
is Ji A.
No matter...
what you say to me...
or do, I'll be back.
Tomorrow, the day after...
I'll come back to see you every day.
It's cold.
It's warm.
You'll feel warmer if you come closer.
This is just warm enough.
Will she come again tomorrow?
Don't...
Stop letting her in.
Is there...
anything you lied to me about?
If so,
tell me right now.
How can a human get by without lying?
Only angels can.
Did you tell me everything?
You promised to buy me an x-ray machine...
and didn't last year.
Do you know the hedgehog story?
They felt so cold, so they huddled together,
and they pricked each other.
So they scattered.
But then, they felt so cold,
so they decided to huddle back together.
Rather than...
braving the cold on their own,
they'd decided that being pricked by each other...
was more bearable, don't you think?
Oh dear. My goodness.
Are you okay?
That hurt.
- Are you okay, kid? - Are you all right?
Tomorrow, the day after...
I'll come back to see you every day.
She...
lied again.
(Handwritten statement)
Jo Ji A.
Ji A?
Aji?
You shouldn't drink on an empty stomach.
Try one of these.
They're perfect snacks when you're drinking.
Am I your friend?
Who said you can talk like that?
Is the owner of these Heart Balls...
you?
Did you...
read my statement?
You came in here to get me to reopen the competition?
That's what it was about.
I wondered why...
the commercials popped up,
why I witnessed protests, and got petitions about the competition.
I have a lot to tell you.
Will you...
listen to me?
No.
What more...
should I listen to in this situation?
You're really...
You have a lot of guts.
How can you keep coming here after that?
What are you?
Are you human?
Oh, you're not much of a human,
and is that why you made a great robot?
I'm sorry.
Shall I tell you what I did before...
I read your statement?
I waited for you.
Like a fool.
Like a lunatic.
Without any pride.
I hate myself for waiting for you.
You deceived me again.
I hate myself for anticipating...
and worrying why you didn't show up.
How silly...
must you think I am?
Did you say that because you knew?
No.
Why didn't you disappear when you were a robot?
Or if you were going to lie, at least don't get caught.
You shouldn't have gotten caught ever!
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
For what? What did you do?
For pretending to be a robot and duping me?
Is that what you're sorry about?
You knew how I feel.
You felt it.
What did you think while you saw and felt all that?
What were you thinking as you watched me tell you...
that I wished you were human?
And yes, the day I reset you.
What a fool you must've thought I was.
Was it fun?
How much fun did the rest of you have?
How much did you laugh at me for falling for it?
I'm sorry.
You ignored me on the train.
You pretended not to know me at the restaurant too.
In the warehouse.
The night I told you all those stories.
How did you manage to listen to that? Is that possible?
Is that really possible?
How is it if you knew how I felt?
How could you do this to me?
If I hadn't gone to look for you,
you'd have stayed in hiding.
Why are you back here?
Why? Don't you have any shame?
Did you ever...
feel anything for me...
for even a second?
Why are you crying?
To prove that you're human?
That's despicable and disgusting.
Get lost.
Does that not compute?
Oh, you're no longer a robot.
Okay, I'll speak to you...
like a human being, so listen up.
Every second I spent with you...
terrifies me now.
I want to delete them all.
I want them all to disappear.
So get out!
Get out of my life forever!
[VIU Ver] E26 I'm Not a Robot "Ji A Knows Him Best"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(From Madam X)
Do you know Jang Doo Sam?
Yes, I do.
He was the late Chairman Park Sung Jin's driver.
He visited my lab with the chairman all the time.
Why...
do you ask?
He has something we can use...
to oust Chairman Hwang.
We must get that...
to help Director Kim...
as well as your team and Aji 3.
I just...
managed to locate Jang Doo Sam.
These are my favorite comic books.
Read them when you're bored.
You'll lose track of time.
What is Ji A's friend doing here?
Why do you think I came here?
To see your face?
That can't be.
I'm here to give and then take away the gift of your life.
Once I leave, you will feel very upset.
- I guarantee that. - I lack the patience to listen.
The Santa Maria Team comes to my cafe often.
They'll find a warehouse and then come back for their stuff.
Ji A will leave for Australia soon.
I don't care.
You must care.
Why else would you let me in?
Now, here's the gift.
Ssanip cried yesterday while talking about yuzu bread.
Hoktal said that one day,
he'll give you an upgraded Beetle.
Ji A spends hours each day cooking for you...
that her hands are full of cuts.
Soon, you'll be left out of their memories.
The memories of the time...
you spent with them will only become memories of your own.
And one day, Ji A will...
meet a man other than you.
Why did Ji A kiss you?
Since when did she...
want to tell you she wasn't a robot?
How did she feel toward a man who said...
he loved her thinking she's a robot?
Aren't the answers to all these questions a gift of life?
A gift more precious...
because they aren't visible and must be felt and believed.
You're about to lose those gifts forever.
Did Ji A go out?
Yes, to see her dad.
- Can I have some water? - Stay for dinner.
- Dinner? - Yes.
If...
they had told you the truth then,
what do you think would've happened?
Would the joy that Aji 3 was human...
outweigh the feeling of betrayal?
(For rent)
I must be crazy.
What am I doing here?
Here, have some fish cakes.
Have some delicious fish cakes
Be careful. It's hot.
Gosh, this is nice.
Do you think he'll be eating well?
Soon, you'll be left out of their memories.
I'm sure he's eating well.
The memories of the time...
you spent with them will only become memories of your own.
Did they call us and tell us to send Aji 3 over?
Not yet.
Hey, that's... That's Min Kyu's car.
- Hold this. - Hey. Hey.
Min Kyu.
- It's Min Kyu's car. - Min Kyu.
- Wait here. - Min Kyu.
- Min Kyu. - Min Kyu.
Min Kyu.
- Tell me when you're done. - Thank you.
Dad.
Have you been doing well?
I brought you a gift.
(Jo Sung Cheol)
I managed to do everything well thanks to you.
The guy I like...
really liked the umbrella and the Heart Balls...
that I had invented.
But I ended up...
hurting him badly by making a mistake.
But I still miss him.
What am I supposed to do?
(I sent the other one to Ji A.)
Tonight, a maximum of 70 stars are expected to...
fall in an hour.
According to the Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute,
the Quadrans Muralis will become visible starting tonight,
and it'll cover the entire night sky once it hits the peak.
Is this...
that umbrella?
I didn't know I had two of the same umbrellas.
(KM Financial's New Business Idea Contest, Jo Ji A)
(Application for KM Financial's New Business Idea Contest)
(Portfolio)
(Business Idea: Transparent Umbrella)
At a certain point,
I started to wonder if I was a useless person.
How did anyone come up with this idea?
Was it a genius?
Or a master?
I want to meet...
the person who made this umbrella.
One person...
reassured me that I'm useful.
He made me feel that I shouldn't give up.
This is...
exactly when you should kiss.
(I'm Not a Robot)
That's enough.
Thank you for being honest with me.
Thank you for telling me everything I wanted to know.
How can you leave like this?
How can you just abandon me like this?
Don't go.
Now, all that's left is for you to back off.
I have one condition. Please do me a favor.
What's going to happen after that?
I love you.
Bye, Ji A.
Bye, Aji 3.